[Music]
hey what's going on guys
today i'll show you a surreal black
comedy dystopian film
the lobster spoiler ahead watch out and
take care
the divorce david turns to be extremely
desperate about his single life
which is definitely forbidden and
punished in this world
single people will be exiled from the
city to an isolated corrections center
far away
where the singles have to find a partner
within 45 days
otherwise they will be turned into an
animal of their choice
only those who find a partner within the
deadline are allowed to return to the
city life
david can't keep any of his belongings
in his room
except for his pet dog which is actually
his brother
who failed to find a partner and was
subsequently transformed to a dog years
ago
the center sets forth many strict rules
and rituals
singed people have to find a mate with
whom they share superficial traits
such as minor ailments believing this is
the key to their compatibility
masturbation is banned but sexual
stimulation by the roommate is mandatory
as a punishment to their single life
they have to live single-handed with the
other hand locked up
what's more the singles who match up
with a mate later have to go through a
month-long trial partnership
which is used to test their loyalty in
love and make sure they find a real
and faithful partner only after all
requirements are satisfied
they're allowed to return to the city
despite those strict rules
the singles however can extend the 45
days deadline
by hunting and tranquilize the loaners
who disobey the rule and escape into the
forest
each captured loner earns them a day
david chooses to be a lobster in case he
fails
because he believes that the lobster has
a long life span and strong sexual
capacity
on his first night at the center david
begins his one-handed life
and suffers many inconveniences
especially when he want to do pee and
poo
at the routine blind date party david
takes the first move to invite a
favorite girl for a dance
who's found however featured by her
nosebleeds
realizing that he shares no common
straights with that girl
david gives up his first target right
following the party the group are sent
into the forest to hunt the loners
due to his lack of experience for the
first time david comes back in vain
on the contrary a heartless girl catches
four loaners this time
and hits her record highs someday
the old man is found masturbating
himself he then gets caught up and
punished for the rule violation
resulting in his hand lodged forcibly
into a burning toaster
what a poor man how can he do pee or poo
with one hand locked up
and the other charcoal he has no hand
left for even a thing
anymore let alone the self hormone let
go
on the way to their hunting routine a
biscuit loving old lady who's about to
hit her deadline
tries to hook david with biscuits david
however
shows no interest in her biscuits and
her dying hormone
in order to make himself match with the
nose bleeding girl a guy fakes his nose
bleeding
by purposely smashing his nose in secret
and eventually gets permitted to match
with this girl
they move to the couple's section to
begin the one-month trial partnership
where they will live together as a
couple and with all tests pass
they will be allowed to go back to the
city life the guy's success motivates
david greatly
he then targets a girl who just gets one
date left
before the deadline but the girl seems
unwilling to compromise a mate of no
common trait to her
she would rather choose to be turned
into a pony
many days later as david makes no
progress
and just gets only six days left to find
his match
he targets the heartless girl who has
tranquilized more loners than anyone
else
knowing that the heartless girl is
featured by her coldness and
indifference to the surroundings
david fakes his feelings before the girl
and pretends to enjoy the suffering of
the biscuit-loving lady
who want to commit suicide due to her
deadline
in that way david gains the girl's
interest
but at the same time the heartless girl
also tests david for his real emotions
she pretends to be choked by an olive
while they're on a date
noticing that though david makes no
attempt to help her
the indifferent look of david does make
the heartless girl believe they share
the same feature
so the two match together and move to
the couple section
where the heartless girl however keeps
her test on david
sunday morning she baits david by
killing the dog before him
david falls into deep sorrow for the
death of his brother
and can't help but bust into tears in
the bathroom which is however
witnessed by the heartless girl the girl
concludes that their relationship is
alive attempts to drag him to the center
manager for punishment
fortunately with the help of the
sympathetic roommate david tranquilizes
the girl down
and sends her into the transformation
room instead
david manages to escape the corrections
center and joins the loaners in the
woods
who on the contrary follow the opposite
rules
the community forbids any kind of
romance
man and woman have to stay single and
violators are punished by mutilation of
their lips
during a training mission for the loners
a short-sighted girl sophia
turns to be attracted by the man david
who's wearing the short-sighted grasses
but she has to hide her affection up
since that would absolutely violate
against the community guidelines
they develop a gestural language they
use to communicate
in the following day david is confronted
and almost shot by the old man
coming to haunt the loners fortunately
he's saved by sophia
as a return david catches two rabbits
for her
on the other side the roommate offers
her secret supports to the leader of the
loner community
she even helps them sneak back into the
city
with the key given by the room made they
break in the correction center sunday
night
and take control of the manager and her
husband on the bed
they demand the husband to kill the
manager
with his own life in danger the husband
pulls the trigger on his wife
but only finds that the loner set him up
with an empty gun
which shoots no bullet though but under
the strict rules however
triggers loyalty trouble between the
manager and her seemingly faithful
husband
with their goal achieved the loners go
back to the woods and celebrate their
success
in fighting back against the corrections
center
while at the same time as their
relationship grow with time
and trying to avoid rule violation there
david and sophia plan to return to the
corrections center for the match test
however the leader happens to discover
their relationship from sophia's journal
and their plan to escape with david
claiming to cure sophia's
short-sightedness with a minor surgery
the leader takes her to the city but
instead have her blinded
in rage and despair sophia tries to stab
the leader for revenge
but to no avail she's then brought back
to the woods
learning of the truth later david gets
frightened and anxious
but they now share no common feature
anymore which means they just lose the
ticket to the normal city life
david tries to find another commentary
that he made bear with sophia
but to no avail without better choice
he's determined to blind his eyes
but before they leave for the city david
overpowers the leader
and buries her after the revenge and
with their clothes changed
they escape to the city and stop at a
restaurant
where david takes his excuse to the
restroom attempting to blind himself
with a steak knife
but he seems to struggle hard against
himself before he could make such a
tough decision
while on the other side sophia just sits
there on the lounge
lonely and helpless waiting anxiously
for her lover
this is daniel cc movie channel bye